konvoy: Update docs for konvoy release (#2796)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/konvoy/latest/security/external-idps/howto-dex-ldap-connector/index.md

This guide shows how to configure your Konvoy cluster so that users can log in with the credentials stored in an external LDAP directory service.

### Step 1: add LDAP connector

> Each LDAP directory is set up in its own special way, therefore this step is non-trivial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each LDAP directory is set up in a specific manner so these steps are non-trivial.
```

> The following example does not cover all the possible configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example does not cover all possible configurations.
```

> Please refer to the Dex LDAP connector reference documentation, available [here][dex-ldap-connector] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the Dex LDAP connector reference documentation, available [here][dex-ldap-connector] for more details.
```

In the following example, we are configuring the Konvoy cluster to connect to the [Online LDAP Test Server][ldap-test-server].

Create a YAML file (`ldap.yaml`) like the following:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: ldap-password
  namespace: kubeaddons
type: Opaque
stringData:
  password: password
---
apiVersion: dex.mesosphere.io/v1alpha1
kind: Connector
metadata:
  name: ldap
  namespace: kubeaddons
spec:
  enabled: true
  type: ldap
  displayName: LDAP Test
  ldap:
    host: ldap.forumsys.com:389
    insecureNoSSL: true
    bindDN: cn=read-only-admin,dc=example,dc=com
    bindSecretRef:
      name: ldap-password
    userSearch:
      baseDN: dc=example,dc=com
      filter: "(objectClass=inetOrgPerson)"
      username: uid
      idAttr: uid
      emailAttr: mail
    groupSearch:
      baseDN: dc=example,dc=com
      filter: "(objectClass=groupOfUniqueNames)"
      userAttr: DN
      groupAttr: uniqueMember
      nameAttr: ou
```

> <p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong> The value for the LDAP connector <tt>name</tt> parameter (here: <tt>LDAP Test</tt>) will appear on one of the login buttons in the Konvoy user interface. You should choose an expressive name.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong> The value for the LDAP connector <tt>name</tt> parameter (here: <tt>LDAP Test</tt>) appears on one of the login buttons in the Konvoy user interface. You should choose an expressive name.</p>
```

#### Errors upon Dex startup

> If the Dex configuration fragment provided results in an invalid Dex config then Dex will not properly start up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Dex configuration fragment provided results in an invalid Dex config then Dex does not properly start up.
```
